1. Brayden opens the housing manager app to look for housing for the next school year. Rather than having multiple tabs open for different leasing companies, he sees all the open listings in one place. He applies filters like 3 bedrooms, under $7000 total monthly rent, and parking availability. As he goes through the filtered listings, Brayden picks a couple listings and sends them to his next year roommates. This interaction satisfies Brayden as he is able to be efficient in his housing search and ultimately decide on a house that matches his preferences.
2. Sophia is planning on going abroad to Madrid for fall quarter. She is not going to live at her house from July to December, so in order to save money, she decides to look for a subleaser. She opens the housing manager app and goes to the social tab. On that tab, Sophia is able to post her house address and other details, such as utilities information, room layout, and contact information. After her listing is approved by the admin, it is open for the public to view and contact her. Katherine, a 5th year graduating in fall, sees Sophia’s listing and contacts her. Katherine and Sophia work through the details and after meeting in person, Sophia decides to have Katherine sublease while she is abroad.
3. Nathan lives in a house of 6 people, and they are all graduating this upcoming spring. Their leasing company, Wolfe and Associates, notifies Nathan and his housemates that the deadline to pass down the lease is January 2nd. Willing to help others that are looking for housing next year at a reasonable price without them having to get one on the open market, Nathan posts a listing explaining that he is looking for a group of 6 people to get the lease handed down to them. Once the admin approves Nathan’s post, Alvin and his friends contact Nathan. After clearly communicating the details, Nathan sends the lease hand down packet to Alvin.

